[sBTC DR] Add get-started document for sBTC DR (#81)
stacks-network/sbtc-docs: src/sbtc-releases/sbtc-dev/get-started.md

# Get Started with sBTC 0.1

## Local setup
### Requirements
* install [clarinet](https://github.com/hirosystems/clarinet)
* checkout main branch of repository [github.com/stacks-network/sbtc](https://github.com/stacks-network/sbtc)

### Configuration
1. Create configuration file `config.json` in a new folder `romeo/testing` with the following content:
```
{
  "state_directory": "./state",
  "contract": "../asset-contract/contracts/asset.clar",

>   "wif": "YOUR_WIF_CREDENTIALS",

Reviewer: A nice follow-up would be to add docs on how to generate a wif from the sBTC-CLI. Ping @stjepangolemac.

Reviewer 2: +1 to this, plus a very basic explainer of what a wif is for people unfamiliar, perhaps with a link to a more in-depth explanation

Reviewer 3: Yeah maybe link to something similar to this https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Wallet_import_format. Also, there are multiple ways to generate credentials but we've made a tool specifically useful for sBTC work. It's the `sbtc-cli` package in the sbtc repo, sibling to `romeo`.

```
sbtc generate-from new
```

Look [here](https://github.com/stacks-network/sbtc/pull/109#pullrequestreview-1611412722) for example output.

Author: Done

  "bitcoin_node_url": "http://devnet:devnet@localhost:8001/api",
  "stacks_node_url": "http://localhost:3999",
  "stacks_transaction_fee": 2000,
  "bitcoin_transaction_fee": 2000,
  "contract_name": "sbtc-alpha-romeo-testing"
}
```

> 2. Create a folder `state` in `testing` folder

Reviewer 3: This will happen automatically, but still okay.

> 2. Create a folder `state` in `testing` folder

Reviewer 2: Propose changing this and step 3 to describe what the system will do, rather than listing them as steps to complete.
```suggestion
This will create a folder named `state` within the `testing` folder, in addition to creating an empty `log.ndjson` file.
```

Reviewer 3: This is actually not needed as it will automatically create this dir and everything it needs in it.

> 3. Create an empty file `log.ndjson`

Reviewer 3: This is also automatic.

Author: Text has been adapted

### Launch devnet

> In a first console

Reviewer 2: Just a couple of small suggestions to improve the clarity and wording of these instructions.

```suggestion
Open up your terminal and run the following commands. When running `clarinet integrate`, you will be prompted to overwrite the deployment script, press `N` to say no.
```

```
cd romeo
cd asset-contract

> # Press N when asked to overwrite deployment script

Reviewer 2: We can remove this if we include the above suggested rewording.

clarinet integrate
```

> See clarinet dashboard what until local devnet is ready

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will open a Clarinet dashboard that allows you to see the status of your local devnet blockchain. If you aren't familiar with Clarinet or its `integrate` feature, check out the [Clarinet docs](https://github.com/hirosystems/clarinet).

You can monitor this dashboard to see when your local devnet is ready.
```

![clarinet dashboard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1449049/258456703-44d219ae-3516-47a3-aa4b-d3e6dc6a8f6a.png)

### Launch sBTC DR binary

> In a second console, start the sBTC DR binary from the root of the git repo

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While waiting for `clarinet integrate` to finish setting up your devnet, open up a separate terminal window and start the sBTC binary from the root of the git repo.
```

```
cargo run -p romeo -- -c config.json
```

> In first console, press N to produce a block and see how the tx is processed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now head back to the first terminal window that has Clarinet's devnet running and press `N` to min a new block and see how the transaction is processed.
```
